Third Party Privacy Policies
ME-QR's Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt out of certain options.

You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found on the browsers' respective websites.

CCPA Privacy Rights (Do Not Sell My Personal Information)
Under the CCPA, among other rights, California consumers have the right to:

Request that a business that collects a consumer's personal data disclose the categories and specific pieces of personal data that a business has collected about consumers;
Request that a business deletes any personal data about the consumer that a business has collected;
Request that a business that sells a consumer's personal data, not sell the consumer's personal data.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. Please contact us, if you would like to exercise any of these rights.

GDPR Data Protection Rights
The right to access – You have the right to request copies of your personal data.
The right to rectification – You have the right to request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate You also have the right to request that we complete the information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure – You have the right to request that we erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability – You have the right to request that we transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. Please contact us, if you would like to exercise any of these rights.

Children's Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.

ME-QR does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.

Changes to this Privacy Policy
ME-QR retains the discretion to amend or modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make material changes to the way we collect, use or disclose Personally Identifiable Information, we will notify you by posting an announcement on ME-QR website or through a direct communication to your ME-QR account.
